Merge Java doc v4 into main (#1053)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-java/features/odata/generic-odata-client.mdx

:::danger Advanced! Use on your own discretion.

The API for generic OData client is not intended to be used by application developers unless required otherwise.

> Please, make sure you know what you're doing and check if the type-safe OData client API can solve you problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please, make sure you know what you're doing and check if the type-safe OData client API can solve your problem.
```

        .peek(token -> deltaRequest.addQueryParameter("$deltatoken", token));
```

### Adding Trailing Slash to the Service Path

By default, the SAP Cloud SDK strips all trailing slashes from a resource path.

> It's a standard behavior and works for 99% of productively available services.

Reviewer: [Minor]

> 99%

... might be a bit of a too broad claim.

```suggestion
It's a standard behavior and works for almost every productively available services.
```
